all right next up we have a brad you're
going to do one of these um numbered ate
all the way down to one you're gonna do
one of these playbook here we go what
box numbers for you actually let me make
sure the ear is right on this bread
bread yep go and roll the dice Oh box
number 3 yep that works see if we can
get one of those infamous try folds how
cool one yet apparently they're hard to
get nope not in there all right your
face card is Andre he went off this week
I think every yard case keenum through
went in this dude's hands Andre Johnson
and 299 do read it harder Terry number 3
of 25 Terry Bradshaw there we go
pretty cool head to good old tearing
next up down-and-dirty jon stewart for
of 25 should be dirty that's the
cleanest dirty jersey I've ever seen
what happened it down and dirty I
thought down and dirty was patches 24
and 25 Jon Stewart and look just to
clean jerseys there is a little black
mark right in there not hidden it behind
the screen but know why these are hard
to get to these down and dirties and I
thought those was a they were all dirty
I should have been clean Marcus
Lattimore 271 jersey on that side hatch
autograph on that side Marcus Lattimore
there we go all righty still a pretty
cool down and dirty Terry Bradshaw and a
book art are two books but there you
have it appreciative brat I'll get on
the way see up